Only you can vomit this old home,
Without him, he would never have left his hometown!
The story is!
Do you know what you are saying?
It was Fang Youqian's last word that he sent Si Qing to him.
He gave Si Qing’s child a gift,
It’s as if he came to you after saving him!
This will let others know!
Are you saying that lightly? You will definitely bring shame on my former family again!
This is my business and none of your business!
Besides! My process is on the upper left!
People rely on others to gain knowledge and skills!
What if there's nothing wrong with you?
Just leave! Bai Guan said to Gu leave
It’s so lively
Don't worry about yesterday
If the guy who sent the car came to my house lightly,
Everyone has eaten at this time today
I believe now
I heard that Gu Zai wanted to find you
It took many years
Take a look today
What the hell are you doing?
It seems that your vision is different too
how did you get in
This is not your father asking you to leave carefully
I happened to come in too
I wonder if my Gu family is pregnant with you?
If it weren't for my bride-to-be
Under your care
Why don't you have the confidence to carry it?